README.md, before:

# AlfredWorkflows
My own workflow creations for Alfred (or Terminal).   
<sub>Most of them are Terminal friendly.</sub>
## Menu
- [Should-I-do-it](https://github.com/LiSongcheng/AlfredWorkflows/tree/master/Index/should_i_do_it): A workflow aimed to solve probably the biggest philosophical question in dailylife: should I do it?  
    Download: [here](https://github.com/LiSongcheng/AlfredWorkflows/blob/master/workflows/Should.alfredworkflow?raw=true)
- [Say-command](https://github.com/LiSongcheng/AlfredWorkflows/tree/master/Index/say-workflow): A workflow that allows terminal to read out something.  
    Download: [here](https://github.com/LiSongcheng/AlfredWorkflows/blob/master/workflows/say_command.alfredworkflow?raw=true)
- [Fast-ascii](https://github.com/LiSongcheng/AlfredWorkflows/tree/master/Index/fast-ascii): A workflow that convert and paste ascii fastly.  
    Download: [here](https://github.com/LiSongcheng/AlfredWorkflows/blob/master/workflows/Fast_ascii.alfredworkflow?raw=true)
    
## Acknowledgement
This project collection is licenced under the MIT License.  
It is also published on [Packal](http://www.packal.org/users/lisongcheng), please check it if you want to have find out more Alfred widgets written by the author.

Copyright (c) 2018 Socheng

Commit message:

Add Chinese version of README

README.md, after:

# AlfredWorkflows
My own workflow creations for Alfred. Most of them are Terminal friendly.
<sub>For Chinese version of this page, see [漢語版](https://github.com/BaksiLi/AlfredWorkflows/blob/master/README_CN.md).</sub>
## Menu
- [Should-I-do-it](https://github.com/BaksiLi/AlfredWorkflows/tree/master/Index/should_i_do_it): A workflow aimed to solve probably the biggest philosophical question in dailylife: should I do it?  
    Download: [here](https://github.com/BaksiLi/AlfredWorkflows/blob/master/workflows/Should.alfredworkflow?raw=true)
- [Say-command](https://github.com/BaksiLi/AlfredWorkflows/tree/master/Index/say-workflow): A workflow that allows terminal to read out something.  
    Download: [here](https://github.com/BaksiLi/AlfredWorkflows/blob/master/workflows/say_command.alfredworkflow?raw=true)
- [Fast-ascii](https://github.com/BaksiLi/AlfredWorkflows/tree/master/Index/fast-ascii): A workflow that convert and paste ascii fastly.  
    Download: [here](https://github.com/BaksiLi/AlfredWorkflows/blob/master/workflows/Fast_ascii.alfredworkflow?raw=true)
    
## Acknowledgement
This project collection is licenced under the MIT License.  
It is also published on [Packal](http://www.packal.org/users/lisongcheng), please check it if you want to have find out more Alfred widgets written by the author.

Copyright (c) 2018 Socheng
